[plugin/azure] Deprecate the usage of plaintext secret in azure plugin (#5227)
miekg/coredns: plugin/azure/README.md

    **AZURE_TENANT_ID** to be used. **AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID** is the subscription ID. All of these are needed
    to access the data in Azure. If `tenant`, `client`, `secret`, or `subscription` are not specified
    in Corefile, then values will be obtained through environmental variables `AZURE_TENENT_ID`,
    `AZURE_CLIENT_ID`, `AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET`, and `AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID` respectively.
    Note `secret` field in Corefile has been deprecated and may be removed in future releases. Environmental
    variable **AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET** should be used instead.

*   **AZURE_ENVIRONMENT** specifies the Azure **Environment**. This value is optional, and can be specified
    through `environment` field in Corefile, or through environmental variable `AZURE_ENVIRONMENT`.

*   `fallthrough` If zone matches and no record can be generated, pass request to the next plugin.
    If **ZONES** is omitted, then fallthrough happens for all zones for which the plugin is
    authoritative.

*   `access`  specifies if the zone is `public` or `private`. Default is `public`.

## Authentication

> Azure plugin uses [environment-based authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/developer/go/azure-sdk-authorization#use-environment-based-authentication),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _azure_ plugin uses [environment-based authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/developer/go/azure-sdk-authorization#use-environment-based-authentication),
```

> where there is a list of accepted environmental variables. Note in additional to passing those environmental variables,
> it is also possible to use `tenant`, `client`, `subscription`, and `environment` to override corresponding environmental variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where there is a list of accepted environmental variables. You may overwrite some environment variables using the `tenant`, `client`, `subscription`, and `environment` options.
```

> Note `secret` field in Corefile has been deprecated and may be removed in future releases. Users should pass secret through
> environmental variable **AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET** instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
